
Christopher R. Jordan

Denver, CO 
Cell: 303-726-2125
E-Mail: CRobertJordan1991@yahoo.com

Professional Summary

I'm a creative front-end developer who enjoys designing and developing UI/UX web experiences with a focus on usability and accessibility standards. My passion for software development pushes me to learn and refine my skills through a variety of means.  I enjoy working on complex problems, learning from peers and mentors, and I strive to bring positive energy to every project I'm a part of.

Skills

HTML5
CSS3/Sass
Javascript (ES6)
jQuery
Responsive Web Design
React/React Native
Redux

Unit Testing
Frameworks Version Control
Browser Development Tools
Ember
Express
Node
SEO

Education

2017 Turing School of Software and Design Denver, CO
Web Development  Front End Engineering  

						An intensive seven-month program focusing on HTML, CSS, Web Development with JavaScript,
Professional Client-Side Development, Desktop and Mobile Applications with Web Technologies. 

August            2010 Metropolitan State University of Denver Denver, Colorado
Bachelor of Arts History 

Outstanding Achievement Award
Bachelor of Arts in History · Entered August 2010 · Graduate Class of Spring 2016

Work History

June 2016 to January 2017
TAK Communication Denver, CO
Telecommunications Technician    

Maintained, constructed, and repaired infrastructure and equipment used for Comcast services. 

January 2016 to June 2016
Rantoul School District Rantoul, Illinois
Substitute Teacher and Teacher Aid    

Successfully facilitated a variety of subjects in elementary and middle school classrooms.

July 2015 to December 2015
ETC Institute Denver, Colorado
Data Collector/Field Researcher    

Developed qualitative and quantitative customer satisfaction research for state and local governments. Worked closely with business owners and managers to collect viable data which was utilized by the Colorado Department of Transportation to coordinate the traffic and road construction of major areas in Colorado.

February 2015 to June 2015
Learn English Chengdu, China
English Teacher    

Conducted English lessons on a one-on-one setting for Chinese students and young professionals, ranging from basic to
advanced levels of proficiency.

January 2014 to October 2014
Auraria Health Center​ Denver, Colorado
Phone Receptionist    

​Customer Service/Office Clerk position with the responsibility of assisting patients with scheduling appointments,
coordinating individuals to proper channels, and other phone inquiries. Also fulfilled data entry and conducted general
office tasks.

January 2013 to August 2013
LarkBurger Denver, Colorado
Cook/Cashier    

Prepared food from raw goods to final product, maintain the kitchen and front of house, customer service, and handling
of customer transactions for a thriving, young franchise out of Colorado.

January 2010 to February 2013
R.V Consulting Denver, Colorado
Secretary    

Customer Service position committed to administrative and assisting with general office tasks.

References

References available upon request